Fixed #35599 -- Added ColorInput widget (#18413)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Forms
~~~~~

> * Added :class:`~django.forms.ColorInput` form widget that renders as
>     ``<input type='color'...>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :class:`~django.forms.ColorInput` form widget renders as 
  ``<input type="color" ...>``. This is to be used for entering a color in  
  ``#rrggbb`` hexadecimal format. Some browsers have a visual color picker 
  interface for this.
```
This should be in present tense
